McConnell Mc-Con-nell
wikipedia wiki-ped-ia
acceptable ac-cept-able
accessed ac-cessed
accurate ac-curate
advantage ad-van-tage
alternative alter-na-tive
apologies apolo-gies
capabilit capa-bil-i-t
company com-pa-ny
comparison com-par-i-son
compelling com-pelling
competitive com-pet-i-tive
condescending con-de-scend-ing
confident con-fi-dent
constraints con-straints
customer cus-tomer
deadline dead-line
definition def-ini-tion
demystifying de-mys-ti-fy-ing
developer devel-oper
development devel-op-ment
differentiation dif-fer-en-ti-a-tion
essentially essen-tial-ly
estimation es-ti-ma-tion
everybody every-body
guaranteed guar-an-teed
however how-ever
important im-por-tant
impossible im-pos-si-ble
inconsistent in-con-sis-tent
indicator in-di-cator
interested in-terest-ed
make make
management man-age-ment
opportunity op-por-tu-ni-ty
outsourcing out-sourc-ing
problem prob-lem
product prod-uct
providing pro-vid-ing
reasonable rea-son-able
requests re-quests
requirement require-ment
reviewing review-ing
secondary sec-ondary
somebody some-body
something some-thing
specifying spec-i-fy-ing
statement state-ment
successes suc-cesses
supporting sup-port-ing
unreasonable un-rea-son-able
